My parents were both Jehovah's Witnesses by the time I was born.
So I studied the Bible, attended meetings, and went out and surfaced with them.
Growing up in the truth, I knew that living by Bible standards is what's best for me.
And my parents were always so zealous when it came to spiritual things.
So when I think back, I just didn't want to let them down.
Living by Bible principles is not burdensome or even that difficult.
Honestly, if we do as it says in the Bible, then we benefit ourselves.
But at times, I was curious how my life would be if I wasn't in the truth.
It was just so fun to be around my school friends.
Overall, I had a good time at school.
I got along with my classmates and my teachers like me too.
So being in school was a pretty good experience.
My parents always told me not to get too close to my classmates.
But in my opinion, my friends had good conduct and were good people.
I didn't understand why they were so worried.
In my high school, there were a lot of kids who went to church and many of the teachers
had religious backgrounds.
One day, there was an incident when the entire school found out I was one of Jehovah's
witnesses.
I knew that some people might be prejudiced against witnesses, but I was surprised to see
how everyone could change so suddenly.
I started spending more time with my classmates, but the more I hung out with them, the more
I saw that we were living completely different lives.
Their conversations would be about trips they went on over the weekend and what they bought
on their latest shopping trip.
But when it came to me, all I had done was spiritual activities.
It felt like I was missing out.
I felt alone and like an outcast.
I knew in my head that Bible principles are right and beneficial.
But when I was actually put in that situation, I wasn't so sure anymore.
I started to feel like I wasn't as cool as my classmates.
So when they started to talk about their life goals, I couldn't bring myself to tell
them what my goals were.
So I started thinking what would be the right way for me to act.
Opening up to my parents about my situation really helped.
One day for family worship, we decided to discuss that topic.
We read Matthew chapter 5 verse 11.
Happy are you when people reproach you and persecute you and blindly say every sort of wicket
thing against you for my sake.
But how can you be happy when persecuted?
I thought to myself, but I'm not happy right now.
My mom shared Mark 838 with me.
The part in the scripture where it says that if we are ashamed of Jesus Christ, he will
be ashamed of us really hit me.
I realized that deep inside, I had been ashamed of being a witness.
While I was going through all of this, a brother gave a public talk in a congregation
and read Matthew chapter 19 verse 29.
There it says that everyone who has left what is important to them for the sake of Jehovah
will receive a hundred times as much.
So I decided to try leaving what I thought was important to me and see what results and
blessings I might receive.
About that time, my parents helped me to associate with brothers and sisters who were participating
in many different forms of full-time service so that I could hear their experiences.
It helped me to decide which direction I wanted to go in my life.
One thing that was really great about this decision was that I was able to meet many new
brothers and sisters.
I realized that there were so many people who had the same thoughts and goals as I did.
These were my true friends.
The next time the topic of our future goals came up with my classmates, I was able to speak
up confidently.
I am really thankful to my parents who helped me to find the courage to do that.
I felt that Jehovah truly keeps his promises.
Come to think of it, Jehovah has kept his promise to reward me a hundred times as much
if I choose to live by the Bible's principles.
I am really happy now and I am confident that if I follow the Bible's teachings when
I make decisions, I will always have the best results.